big feet is here I got some bad news to
tell you guys the blog has been you know
kind of kind of kind of not full of
content lately and it's the big fetuses
fault it's it's my fault I did it but um
let me get let me get serious here cuz
um I don't think you guys know why the
big feet is the big he just has a
problem the big fetus needs an
intervention the big fetus has been
playing World of Warcraft why did I
start playing it free trial isn't that
how they get you hooked they give you
they give you a little bit for free give
you a little just a little taste and you
start pretty soon you're up to you know
three four hours a night when you should
be making a big fetus blog what are you
doing playing this so I just want to
apologize guys I'm going to try so hard
to resist temptation this week and do a
blog every night starting with tonight
the product of the week but this thing
bad news guys it's like crack put it
down put down the needle put down the
pipe put down the line the dollar bill
the razor blade the mirror this isn't
Scarface don't play this game you'll be
hooked just like I am and you won't be
able to stop so I'm coming at you true
to life from the heart it's the big
fetus and got choked up beer don't
effing play this this is bad it's bad
especially if you're married your wife
will leave you because of this just like
a drug addiction
you know AAA I think they need a WA
because this is horrible I want gambling
this weekend this is a stronger
addiction gambling I've done crack at
least four times not really but this is
stronger than a crack addiction
cigarettes stronger how many hours a day
do you think a cigarette smoker spent
smoking a cigarette I don't know maybe a
couple times ten minutes each whatever
maybe like an hour smoking I've put
hours into this hours it's bad bad bad
bad bad bad I'm sorry world warcraft
you're ruining my blog you're ruining my
blog and for that I hate you I'm going
to play some warcraft now big feet us
out